Our guys work hard in this lecture.
We're going to display the rest of the fields.
Okay?
But before then, we're going to need to head up to a browser and then head up to pop the dab.
And then over here, we're going to need to search for a package known as time ago.
We are basically going to use this to display the date the comment was posted.
Okay.
So we're going to need to click on this first link over here.
And then the next step is to copy this code and then head up to your VSL code and then your post back
guts yaml file.
And you're going to need to have this override yet you can see I basically have mine over here so you
can use controlling the SE to save and then probably you need to restart your voice code.
Okay.
Now you're going to need to go back to the package and the following step is to copy this.
Copy this.
Okay, copy this.
Imparts concurrency.
And then we're going to need to head up to the comment screen.
The comments created over a year concur and B to make this wide and.
We're going to need to pace this over a year.
You can see basically we are important.
Sorry, I think I missed it.
Okay.
AP.
Now, basically, we are important the package and we are renaming next time they go.
You can see this as a variable which.
Have access to this.
Okay, then, now that you do this, we need to go to where we have that date and we can get rid of
this.
And then, of course, time ago.
And now we can say, don't follow us.
You're going to see what this does shortly.
And we can then call the comments, dots, dates published.
And now we're going to need to convert this to a date so you can't say dots.
So you can see we can't actually key into it.
We can just go ahead and say dots to date.
Today.
It's the time of the spelling mistake, and we can call this.
Okay.
Now, how to start this?
Let's start in.
Okay.
Now, order two.
You're going to need to make sure of it.
You can see we have this date published.
Right.
Okay.
Now you're going to need to make sure in the.
What?
Is there?
A tree?
In the models that we.
You going to need to make sure you don't have any spelling mistake because Ashley made a mistake instead
of this.
I was having a copy to be.
And you can see what we what we have in the database is this is this field over here.
So make sure you don't have any spelling mistakes as you can get it here.
Okay.
So now I can click on this.
I can see 2 hours ago, you can see what's basically doors and we can have that in the comments to see.
Nice.
Okay.
You're going to see a moment ago now.
A moment ago.
You can see.
We can.
Had another.
Okay.
Now, the other team we're going to need to do is email.
They will post a comment.
We want to automatically declare this field.
Okay.
Not to do this, we're going to need to go back to the comments screen.
Comment screen and we can use controller and bits and make this wide.
Okay.
Now we have this telex over here instead of telex.
We can use a concatenation in the call in the Dutch to join both a string and the verb put together.
So we can have this have a dollar sign and now we can then see comments.
That's what likes and wants to get as many comments we have.
So once we want to get as many likes, we have to get as many likes we have we can then core delight.
Okay, now is control.
And as to save.
But you can see we have zero likes.
Right.
Okay.
Now, you're going to need to clear this field.
Whenever we post a comment.
Not still this.
Over here, you can see we basically using an arrow function and so have to do this over here.
We cannot use an arrow function.
So all we can do is we can copy this.
And they said this error, we can break this down and have this and we can then had a semicolon to say,
this is the head of the code for this and we can then have another which is going to be on this core
controller.
Controller dot claire.
Okay, now is culture and sase.
Okay.
And now we can see.
I love.
It's like, hey, they can't send.
You can see and it's going to be displayed here.
And you can see over here, this is not some minutes ago, some minutes ago, and this is a minutes
ago.
So this is basically what time call does.
You can see how beautiful and cool the package is.
Okay, great.
And now we are able to display all our fields.
Right.
Okay.
Now we are able to post comments as well if it is seen as good.
Okay, guys, see you in the next that.